now we are looking at the z87 pro so
it's actually a more mainstream but
higher NS or pen to the z87 a and C so
the Israelis there's a one-step feature
that you can see that you know there's
so definitely a higher-end models
compared to the previous one firstly the
door intelligent processor for so you're
getting the best digital performance or
in terms of circuitry design in this
motherboard so let's take a look at this
matter spot as a whole overview and
firstly you can see it's a high-end
market where you can see you when
there's LED postcodes as well as the on
button so definitely not features that i
just had seen in entry-level model box
so we also have bios flash back so we
can flash your bios if there is a bios
failure as well as directly over a few
USB 2.0 heaters over here so I cpu
switch by elastic a look at the hotel so
here the socket you have a 150 or Z is
that suppose dat seven new processors
1880s power connector here civ 24-pin
connector the site so is
click assess from your for your cases so
they connect the 24-pin easily fordham
slots over here supports up to twenty
eight hundred megahertz ddr3 speeds with
overclocking so let's take a look we
have the first PCI Express x1 slot
followed by x16 this is full x.x in slot
fits both physically and electrically
then we have two more feet pcie x1 slots
as well as another pci express x16
physical slot by the only runs x6 as you
can see the pizza only witches here then
lastly we have this
another PCI x1 so I believe this is both
in sli as well as across Wyatt so let's
look at the site we have six SATA
siskiyou because I can connect SATA
ports that early Native from the z87
chipset as well as an l2 which i guess
is also 60 because again based on a
different chipset as compared to the
lower although the lower end models you
can see that the heat things are much
fixings and design is actually much
better on this other body can see an
improve our circuitry is confidential
episode we're talking about 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 10 11 12 probably Chavan probably
higher secures power face for the cpu
and we have a nice soft british hit
single here
lastly I depends silhouette I output we
have a ps2 port as well as for USB 3.0
ports then we have this wireless AC so
it's actually one of the nice
innovations from the new z87
motherboards have a wireless AC Porter
SPD for so essentially a mite out vga
DVI cable internet so as two more USB
3.0 and 8 channel audio log so that is a
quick overview of what asus z87 promo
ok